We and Dad had to go sleep behind that hill,
on a big rock... for months and months.
Why?
Because they would come to the houses and plunder
whatever was in the houses, the animals, the chickens, everything.
Pigs, whatever they found, goats. They took them to eat.
When they arrived at the houses, they set them on fire.
And was it because you were against their party or something?
(Laughter)
Yes?
That's why, yes.
You were... what, liberals?
I came and denied it. I came and denied it to him.
One day he called me and said... why would I deny it?
I said, how can I? Am I going to tell you, are you also of that color?
Why...?
Is that your color... what, do you like it?
I told him: look... some people like
what they like, they like it.
My dad died and he didn't stop being.